Improve TM testing support infrastructure (#1353)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: TESTING.md

$ make test
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests for **Cloud Director**, run `make testacc`.

*Note:* Acceptance tests create real resources, and often cost money to run.

```sh
$ make testacc
```

> To run full suite of **Tenant Manager** acceptance tests, run `make testtmacc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run full suite of **Tenant Manager** acceptance tests, run `make testtm-acc`.
```

Author: Fixed.

* `terraform plan -detailed-exitcode` (for ensuring that `plan` is empty right after `apply`)
* `terraform destroy -auto-approve`

The test for Cloud Director runs from GNUMakefile, using:

```bash
make test-binary
```

Running **Tenant Manager** binary tests, using:

```bash
make testtm-binary
```

All the tests run unattended, stopping only if there is an error.

It is possible to customise running of the binary tests by preparing them and then running the test
script from the `tests-artifacts` directory. For **Cloud Director** the first command is `make

> test-binary-prepare`, while for **Tenant Manager**, it is `testtm-binary-prepare`:

Reviewer: I'm suggesting to split this into two pieces and then remove paragraph slightly below. Would look something like this:

> script from the `tests-artifacts` directory. For **Cloud Director** the first command is:
> 
> ```make
> test-binary-prepare
> ```
> 
> while for **Tenant Manager** it is:
> 
> ```make
> testtm-binary-prepare
> ```
>

Author: Changed.

```bash

> make test-binary-prepare # or make testtm-binary-prepare for Tenant Manager

Reviewer: With above change, we can then remove this paragraph completely.

Author: Changed.
